c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\TestSecure.exe.config
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\TestSecure.exe
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\TestSecure.pdb
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.dll
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.dll
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.pdb
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.xml
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.Core.pdb
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.pdb
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\CefSharp.WinForms.xml
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.Form1.resources
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.exe
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.pdb
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\TestSecure.exe.manifest
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\bin\x86\Debug\TestSecure.application
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.exe.manifest
c:\users\danker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSecure\TestSecure\obj\x86\Debug\TestSecure.application
